# Ch 1:

- [x] Q10. Describe a concrete example where improving the security of a system against one type of attack can increase the likelihood of other attacks.
  - Coinbase uses 2FA, increases likelihood of simjacking attacks.

# Ch 2:

- [x] Q3. Consider a group of 30 people who wish to establish pair-wise secure communications using symmetric-key cryptography. How many keys need to be exchanged in total?
  - $\binom{30}{2} = \frac{30!}{2!(30-2)!} = 435$
- [x] Q4. Suppose Bob receives a message signed using a digital signature scheme with Alice's secret signing key. Does it prove that Alice saw the message and chose to sign?
  - No, she could have been hacked / using malware
- [x] Q6. Suppose a chosen-ciphertext attacker cannot recover the secret decryption key for an encryption scheme. Does this mean the encryption scheme is secure?
  - No - still possibility for distinguishing attacks, message replay, etc
- [x] Q7. Consider a symmetric-key cryptosystem in which cryptographic keys are randomly selected from the set of all n-bit strings. Approximately what should n be in order to provide 128 bits of security against a birthday attack?
  - $2^{n/2} = 2^{64}$
  - 64 bits

# General:

- [x] Suppose you read about RSA encryption and wanted to find its standard specification. Where would you look?
  - google
  - looks like it's here https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8017
- [ ] Find two libraries for each of RSA, TLS/SSL, and AEAD. Evaluate the maturity each library, and skim the code. What about the library structure makes sense? How is their documentation? These links may help:
      https://cryptography.rs/
      https://lib.rs/ (librs is equivalent to crates.io, with a different interface)
  - RSA
    - 1. https://github.com/RustCrypto/RSA
      - [audited](https://delta.chat/assets/1907-otf-deltachat-rpgp-rustrsa-gb-reportv1.pdf)
      - seems actively maintained
      - no fuzz testing
      - only ~300 stars
    - 2.
  - TLS/SSL
    - 1.
    - 2.
  - AEAD
    - 1.
    - 2.
- [ ] Benchmark the speed of an algorithm in the two different implementations with Criterion.
- [ ] (Deprecated, don't do this question) You're implementing a Tweakable Encryption scheme. You need to know what standard API users will expect. Find a reference for the standard API and write the function signatures for encryption and decryption.
- [x] You want to understand a paper on a new polynomial commitment scheme, but you've been trying for more than an hour, and the math is over your head. What do you do?
  - Scroll twitter newsfeed
- [x] [Implement the Vigenère cipher in 100 lines or less.](../src/vignere.rs)
- [x] What is a side channel attack? Is your cipher implementation constant time?
  - side channel attack: information about our message is revealed via metadata being exposed to the attacker: timestamp data, or ciphertext length.
  - Believe my implementation is $O(n)$
- [ ] Extra: Read New Directions in Cryptography.
